Fix/multi project (#7968)
dotansimha/graphql-code-generator: website/docs/config-reference/multiproject-config.mdx

---
id: multiproject-config
title: 'Multi Project'
---

In some cases, it's useful to have multiple projects in the same config file.

> For example, in a monorepo, vs-code graphql plugin will automatically pick up the right config for the right folder. _It's pretty handy._

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, in a monorepo, the VSCode GraphQL plugin will automatically pick up the right config for the right folder.
```
